Well, praise the Lord, family. I'm
excited to be here tonight.
Let me start off and say good
evening, family. I've had a little bit
of a cold the last couple
of days because the ragweed is really high
here. My body tries to throw a
little fit about ragweed; it doesn't like
the ragweed too
much. That's all right,
we'll do with what we have here.
Sorry if my voice is kind of raspy;
it's from the drainage from the pollen.
It's a seasonal thing, you know.
I have some things on my heart to
talk to y'all about.
There's a lot going on, of course, as we
see on the news and in the
spirit. I feel it as I'm driving around
today; I can feel it. I told D,
'Boy, I tell you what, we're
at an all-time high right now in the
spirit realm.'When you're praying, you
can feel it—I always tell
y'all it feels like pulses.
Whenever you're praying,
you can feel the intensity of the
heartbeat. As you are praying, you can feel if
it's a flatline versus if there's activity,
and right now, it feels like there
are
major
heartbeats
where we are. Next week is a very
important week, as we all know.
It will lay to rest a lot of things.
I believe as we come into the 23rd and
we get ready to have
this acceleration of things,
the point of no return. Wednesday
was
the beginning of the first swell,
and I could see in the water
as I was praying, and I saw it in the
spirit. I could see the wave—not a
wave, because a wave starts to move out
and you see it going like this—but it
was a swell.
I saw the ripple, the
way the water was moving, and I could see
it was getting big. And the Lord said,
'You'll see this on
Wednesday.'And
I said, 'What are we going to see on
Wednesday?'He
goes, 'Pray about it. It
should be 50. What you're praying into
is 50 basis
points.'So
as I was praying,
I saw a certain man influencing the
decision that was made on Wednesday.
As I was watching,
because I don't give you numbers all the
time,
but I saw it was supposed to be bigger.
It came out half of what we were
praying over privately, my wife and I,
because I saw a man influencing
on
the opposite party
in the middle of the night,
a decision that was being made.
And because of the influence behind
these men, they have a lot of money
and
they push things the way they want it to
go.
So when I told you this is the devil's
wheelhouse,
you must stand with your authority of a
believer and pray.
When I'm seeing in the spirit and I'm
praying over things, visions change
the outcome.
My job on YouTube and, as I believe,
as a watchman is to bring you things to
pray about.
Prayer either makes it or breaks it.
Does that make sense? If you don't
intercede as a believing believer and
use your
authority—and
you say, 'Well, why do we have
to use it?'—it's because whatsoever things you
bind on earth are whatsoever things are
loosed, and whatsoever things are bound
are dependent upon what you do,
and you have to do it. Jesus told you to
do it.
So, we use our authority as believing
believers and pray until Adam's lease is
up.
Things will change.
So,
I was annoyed
with what I saw
because I saw
the swell needs to be bigger.
We're running out of time.
We have a window,
and in this window, we will bring in the
greatest harvest of souls this world has
ever seen before, from sea to shining
sea, all around
the world.
But the enemy tries to delay things
in
his own little way, how he tries to do
things.
I know what the Lord has shown me
concerning finances, and it is the jet
fuel behind the jet to make it take off
for this end-time revival. It's the
funding. It will take billions and
billions of dollars to support this
major revival that's about to take
place.
I
bring things out and I pray about it
with you
because
I try to be as discreet as I
can be
and say, 'This is what we're
praying over.'So number three,
I saw the three officers that were taken
out in Pennsylvania.
A very tragic situation took place.
Remember, I saw three police
officers being shot.
And the Lord told me, 'We must pray over
our law enforcement, our ICE, our
Homeland Security, and our people
who
are out fighting on the front
lines protecting us, giving law and
order to our great
nation.'We
must pray for our people who are out
there. You know what? That's somebody's
son, that's somebody's daughter, that's
somebody's family out there
risking their lives. I have a
brother who has been in law enforcement for
a long time.
You look at people who put their
lives
on the line just to pull somebody
over to give them a ticket because
they're going 90 in a 50. They're
putting people's lives in danger just by
their careless driving. And they
have to pull that idiot over to make
sure they get the ticket and the
punishment they deserve,
risking
their lives because you don't
know who's behind the wheel of that car
with something in there
trying to hurt them.
And so that's why I feel like it's
really important as believers that you
have authority in your area.
Where are you in your area? That's why I
ask, 'Where are you from?'because I have
people on here, like I heard just a
little bit ago, from Texas, Maine, and
all kinds of areas of the United
States, who have authority in
their
neighborhood that I don't have. That's
jurisdiction.
I pray over my area where I'm at, and I
pray over our law enforcement. I pray
over our area for
protection,
for godly judges, for godly
district people, that
we
would have righteous men and women rise
up in power in our area, voting and
doing what we're supposed to do, right?
If you live in Maine, I
don't have that authority in Maine.
I don't have it in Texas because I don't
live in Texas, but you do. And that's
why I try to encourage you to go around
and pray over your neighborhoods as a
grandma or grandpa, or whoever you are in
your area, and the mamas
and the daddies,
or whatever. Go out and pray over
your schools, go out and pray over
where you are and say, 'We apply the
blood of Jesus over this area in the
name of Jesus.'And, 'I thank you, Lord,
that my daughter, my son, they are
protected as they go to school
and
college campuses.'When I'm calling these
things out and the Lord is revealing to
us that there is a
plan in the spirit, in the demonic, to try
to cause mass casualties through
tailgate parties in the days ahead, that
was to tell you, if you live in
Austin, if you live in these areas, you
drive around and you pray over the
streets where they have those
tailgate parties.
Maybe you live by OU or wherever, and you
go and protect, you pray.
If
you don't pray and you
don't rise up with a backbone and say,
'Hey, we're not going to have
this,'and
pray over your areas, I believe that's
how a lot of things come through the
cracks. But whatsoever things you bind
on earth are bound in heaven, and whatsoever
things you loose on earth are loosed in
heaven. I believe that you can loose it
or you can bind it. You can release the
angels to come and protect you and bear
you up in their hands. I believe that we
have power and authority over all these
things,
covering our pastors,
our ministers in the blood of Jesus.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
It's just so important that we do this
in the days ahead, so much more. As we
see the day approaching, we need to
gather together and pray like this even
more. And I know in my heart, I
believe by the 23rd of this month,
that's the point of no return. What does
that mean? I've asked the Lord that a
lot. What is that truly? What does that
mean, Lord? What do you keep
saying to me? 'The point of no
return.'This
is the point where you can't get
the epidural anymore. Well, that's
really a metaphor, because there ain't
nobody pregnant in my house.
But what are you trying to
say? The point of no return is the point
of push in the spirit realm. You
need to know, Brandon, this is what's
happening. You're going to pray
more.
So, it's a time of great acceleration
concerning the finances. So, as we see
bad men influence decisions,
I told you there's nothing going to stop
the boat from going over the edge
concerning the United States of America.
It can be delayed. I saw the worst
economic crisis crash this world has
ever seen because people are not like
they were in the 1930s.
People are aliens. They act
crazy over something now. You
know, there's no morals when it comes to
a loaf of bread versus what there was
when, if you didn't have it, people would
share with you back then.
You needed a piece. 'Let me give you a
slice, brother, because you're just
human.'But
now they'll stack 15 in their
car and you don't have one. And if you
try to grab a slice of bread, they'll
shoot you for it. It's a different
generation.
You understand?
Men's
hearts are growing cold.
The love of men is
waxing cold is what I'm trying to tell
you.
It's getting worse. And that's why
I'm trying to tell you all, you need to
have a plan for your household of how
you pray as a family—men, women,
whoever, if you're single or whatever.
Take communion. Pray every single day.
Anoint yourself with oil.
I don't get into all the little
tricks.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, you'll
see
this channel doesn't make the enemy
happy,'but
I don't go into all the things that
I go through because I don't give that
punk any kind of
pride or validation that he tries to get
to you. You understand? As you can hear
me,
I keep standing,
and I know when the winds
try to come against me,
I keep pleading the blood.
When all there else to do is stand,
stand therefore.
Do you understand, even whenever you see
the winds blowing around you?
So, we're going to take communion and
we're going to pray. I don't have a lot
other than that. I haven't been
studying. I've been
resting.
So, I'm going to take communion with
y'all, and we're going
to do it as a family, and we're going to
pray and see if he shows us anything. If
not, then we'll end it. But I just
wanted to come on and love y'all tonight
and tell you we're praying for you, and
we're so thankful for every single one
of you. We had a lot of those super
thanks things, you
know
what I'm talking about.
We just want to say thank you for all of
those. We never ask you for nothing, but
that's a blessing. I just want to tell
you we
had—I'll
give you a little bit of
something—the
company that we use for AI
saw that we were using it a lot to
translate our videos, and they said to
us, 'Well, we're going to block you and
only give you certain amounts because we
had a subscription
where
we could pay them every month a
certain amount of money.'Well, they
came to us and they said, 'It's going to
start costing you $25,000 every time you
do
this.'And
I said,
'That's not fair.
That's a lot of money for
this.''Well,
do you want to use our product or
not?'I
said they're not based out of
America,
so there wasn't a lot you can do
to come against that, right? So,
$25,000,
'We want it all up
front.'I
said,
'Who's got $25,000 just to give you for
this out of the blue, out of nowhere,
and to sign a contract with you to do
all this, right?'But it's the best one
out there for what I do. It makes my
voice sound like me to do this.
But through
these little things, we got a big
percentage of that money to be able to
help negotiate through those little
super thanks. You all just giving it out
of love to help me to put that gospel
out.
It's the small things. And I'm not
crying. It's not manipulation. It's
really from my heart. I'm trying to tell
you what the Lord is, because when the
waves try to knock you down
and you keep standing and you go, 'Hey,
look what you've done
through stuff like that.'And it's been
a blessing. And I'd even turn it
off now because I'm not
doing it for that. You could turn it
off, Braden. I'm not telling
them for that. But I'm telling you to tell
you that what the devil
tried to knock me down,
he came through this week doing those
things, and then I got sick
and I thought, 'Boy, you really are
ticked off at this.'And I just wanted
to take the time to tell you all thank
you, because whenever things like that
happen and people are trying to bully
you and you go, 'But God, you know, but
God, but God.'We had over 20 people
yesterday get born again just in South
Korea alone off of an old video.
Twenty
people got born again off of South
Korea.
And it's so precious to me, the comment
section in South Korea
when they come on, and
those people of Asia, they're just
so humble and just receiving the gospel.
They're a very precious culture,
and it blesses me so, the way they
talk about it. And even some of the
people in China say, 'We watch you through
NordVPN.'Is
that right?
Yeah.
Because if they catch them, friends that
I've known have been put in jail for
this,
because the Chinese government does not
want this being broadcast the way this
is, what we're listening to,
into the nation of China.
And so they say, 'We come over here
through Nord VPN or whatever and
watch you through this.'And they were
so excited because we are preaching the
gospel to them, telling them about what
Jesus is doing and how he's coming. And
so it's just things like that that you
see—a
people that you may never meet
through a channel.
And it's getting people saved
like South Korea and China, and
it's such a blessing. It truly is such a
blessing. And I just wanted to tell
y'all we love you. So, enough
about that, but I just wanted to tell
you, it just really meant a lot.
There's so many people that don't
realize—some
days it's just as
encouraging.
All right, let's go. Let's get out of
that too much. Father, I thank you,
Lord, for the body that was broken
tonight. I thank you, Lord, that you took
care of us and you bore all that
on your body, that Father, even snotty
noses and the sore throats and things
that we go through. Father, I thank you,
Lord, from flu to sicknesses, disease.
Father, you took it all on the cross for
us. And I thank you, Lord, that
we are covered by the blood and that you
watch over us. Thank you, Lord, that no
weapon formed against us will prosper. A
thousand shall fall at our side and
10,000 at our right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh us.
And I thank you, Lord, that we're healed
and whole and well and you took care of
us, and it's all done because of what you
did for us in the name of Jesus. We take
the body in
Jesus'name.
Lord, we plead the blood and we make
much of the blood and the blood makes
much of us. We thank you, Lord, for the
blood
and we plead the blood of Jesus over
every single one of us tonight. We cover
every single one of us in the blood
and we thank you, Lord, that my
throat, my nose, my sinuses are
healed and whole and well. And Father,
we apply the blood of Jesus over my
family tonight and over us and all
around this house. And I plead the blood
of Jesus over every single one of us.
And I thank you, Lord, that your angels,
they bear us up in their hands, lest we
dash our foot against a stone. And we
plead the blood of Jesus over us,
Father. And we thank you, Lord, that no
witchcraft, no incantations, no
chants,
no voodoo, no nothing comes nigh us,
Father. And we thank you, Lord, that we
have authority and we take our
authority, Father. We thank you, Lord,
that the little
things that try to get us to
stumble along the way, Father,
you've made a path for us, and you're just
plowing the way like those
icebreakers,
Father. And the things
like these little things that have
happened this week, Father, we thank
you, Lord, that it stops. We thank you,
Lord, that we rise up and we take our
authority over our nation, over our
areas of influence, and we plead the
blood of Jesus over us in
Jesus'name.
Amen and amen.
So we plead the blood.
All right.
So, who wants to go, too?
Crying makes your nose run more.
It's,
whatever, you know, just flesh.
You know, I turn it off.
I
tell them from my heart, I tell people
thank you, and then people go, 'Well,
you're
doing that because...'I said, 'No,
whatever,
that's my proof right there. I do
it because Jesus told me to do it. I just
want to tell y'all thank you. I get tired
of the mouths,
so many people with so much hate inside
of them,
and I go, 'Well, I don't give you a way to
attack me.
I don't give you no way to attack
Brandon.'I'm
here because Jesus has told
me to be here,
and I get so tired of all the hate.
And I just keep standing and say, 'You
know what?
The enemy tried his hardest to knock
you down, but you have to rise up
against him and say, 'Hey, you're not
bigger than me. Jesus Christ dwells on
the inside of me. And you can try to
come like a roaring lion any day of the
week, but Jesus Christ paid the price
for me to walk in victory over you.
He paid the price for me to walk in
victory over you,
right?'So,
Father, we thank you, Lord, for
tonight and we come before you boldly in
the name of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus over this
house. We plead the blood of Jesus over
us. We apply the blood over their houses,
over their bodies, over their minds,
over their emotions. Father, I thank
you, Lord, that you said in your word
that by your stripes they're healed. And
Father, we believe. We believe, God. We
believe in the name of Jesus that they
are blessed in the city and the field,
coming in and going out. Father,
you said in Deuteronomy 28 that
whatever they have need of, Father,
you're
going to take care of it. That
they're the lender and not the borrower.
You know what? I tell you what, if
Diana
was feeling good, I would tell her
to come in. She got an amazing book from
a dear sister in the Lord that has
scripture that is just absolutely
incredible. I love it. It has all
the scripture of what you're believing
for,
and I'm telling you what: the power,
the anointing of the Holy Spirit. My
wife opened the book, and the fragrance
of the Holy Spirit... because usually, you
know, we get a lot of things. Do you have
it, hun?
Yeah, thanks.
This is it. She's watching the
livestream
in there.
This is the book we got from a dear
sister. And when she opened the
book—because
we get a lot of stuff from a lot of
people, and some of it is just kind of
way out there, new age, we get books
from Scientology. You wouldn't
believe some of the things that you all
are reading, thinking that it's okay, and
you're filling your spirit with a cult.
And I go, 'Oh, no. You shouldn't be
reading that.'But I mean, you're
ministering to all over the world. Do
you know we had 80 million hits? 80
million people clicked on this over the
time. And over the last two days,
we've had over a
million people watch our broadcast all
over the place. Over a million people.
Isn't that amazing? But
I was going to tell y'all, this is
scriptures. And when she opened this
book—because
Diana's always like, she tests it
and opens it—but
the moment she
opened it, the fragrance of the Holy
Spirit came off of this book and hit her
in the nose. And you go, 'Oh, Brandon,
no.'I'm
telling you, the fragrance of
the Holy Spirit smelled like flowers.
And Diana said, 'The Lord said that I
brought you this book.'And so it has
scripture all in it. And so
it is written, but
we're
quoting it three times a piece. And I'm
telling you what, you can feel
a shifting when it comes to the word
of God, getting this word down inside of
your heart and shifting
the atmosphere as you read these
scripture keys.
So, I don't know. It blessed me. I'm not
trying to sell it. I'm trying to tell
you something that blessed me. So, just
letting you know. And then,
do you remember I told you all that
the Lord told me that there was going to
be a lot more people going to hell
and coming back to tell their
story of what they saw as a
witness to the end and where we are, that
he was going to allow a lot of people to
do that? Well, I didn't know that
Sister Billye Brim, the Lord had told her
that she was going to start to see,
have... these people were going
to have encounters of heaven and they
were going to come back, and that she
would write a book or they would write a
book and that she would tell more
about the visitations that they had
going to heaven. Well, she went to the
Living Word Church on
Saturday of this last week, at
that revival where I told you all
would break forth in Minneapolis,
Minnesota. Well, she had a person reach
out to her in Tulsa. And I would love to
know who these people are because they have
a book. Her husband died during COVID
with the trach thing
going down your throat making you
breathe. Well, he passed away in the
hospital, supposedly. I guess he was on
life support. You know, they have that
thing breathing for you. Well, he went
to heaven and he came
back, and he wrote all about this
visitation that he had going to heaven,
and it was another encounter of
where we are in the last days because I
believe God's bringing these people to
warn everybody of what we're about to
have. He's showing me things, and I
believe that, you know, showing this man...
it was back in COVID and the book
comes out in October. So I thought that
was kind of cool. I would love to speak
to him and have an interview and talk
about heaven because what I heard was
beautiful, and it shows some of the
things that the Lord... he was talking
about his war horses. He was talking
about Jesus's horse. It was white. It's
exactly what I saw. The things that I
saw, he saw. And so, it just is
amazing, you know, when your
stories are lining up with other
people's and they don't know you and
you don't know them, and then
they have a book, they have detail about
it and what the Lord is showing them
about things, and I just get excited
about it. But the Lord told me that
there would be more people in the days
ahead that would have experiences
of hell and come back and tell about
it as a witness.
And I said, 'I'm really curious about
these people. What did they see? What
did they experience?'I don't know,
but I'm going to tell you, it's probably
awful. I know that there
was a lady named Mina Lee who had written a
book who
was taken to
hell, and the Lord let her see
things,
get to see things. And so, I don't know,
there was another man, I believe, that was
in Australia when I first started this,
that he said that he had a visitation of
hell. He died and went to hell, and he
saw some things, and I'm just like,
'Wow,'you
know? But there are these
encounters that I'm just curious about,
these out-of-body experiences.
So, I don't know. I got distracted again.
Let's pray again. Sorry, squirrel.
Everybody said, 'What does that
mean?'It's
like, you ever seen 'Up'? That movie
'Up'? I know it's Disney, don't throw
eggs
at me, but it was
that movie 'Up'where that little
talking dog that has the thing on his
neck goes, 'Squirrel!'The squirrel!
That's what my little girl... he'd always be
a
little squirrel
from the little balloon guy, whatever.
That's where I get that from, why I say
'squirrel'because
he gets
distracted.
So
glory.
It's all I love. It's cute.
That movie really tugs at my heart
whenever he's in there and that song's
playing, and he sees his life flashing
before him and when they're young as
little kids, and then all of a sudden
they get old, and then she passes away.
They get married, and they're always
putting money back for the vacation.
They didn't get to really truly
enjoy the vacation. They wanted to go to
the falls. And I'm telling you,
I cry at a cartoon, y'all. I cry
when
I watch that. My little girl said,
"Daddy, why do you play that?"I said,
"Because
that makes you think.
That little cartoon makes me think.
There's something about
it."And,
like I said, don't get all upset,
"Oh,
Brandon, it's just a Disney
movie."Well,
that one scene, I'll play it several
times and it makes you think. I love
things that challenge me on the inside
that make you reflect: What are you
doing with what God's given you?
What are you doing about it? Because
life is so short. It goes so quick with
what you've done and how you structure
things. As you see that Up movie, as you
see him and he buries his wife, and
you've got all this little stuff, and
it's a cartoon. It's really heavy for a
cartoon for a little kid, but
then the balloons take off and you go,
"You know what? Life's an adventure.
Life's an adventure."Being here on this
thing with you all is an adventure.
We're going to go tubing, and we'll
see what the Lord has for us. It's an
adventure. I just go, "Hey, I'm into the
adventure of it. What is the Lord
going to show us?
What if he doesn't show anything at all?
I don't know. Maybe he won't. Sometimes
he doesn't when I'm praying, but if he
doesn't,
I just go, "Hey, it was fun
anyway."We
don't do it for that. We do
it just to have a relationship with him,
right?
So, Father, we just thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for your blood. We
thank you, Lord, for your hand on us.
And we come before you boldly.
And I plead the blood of Jesus over my eyes
and over my mind that I don't get
snared by any satanic or demonic force.
And I thank you, Lord, that I only see and
hear what you want me to hear and see in
the name of Jesus. And I plead the blood
of Jesus over my eyes and over my mind
and over my emotions. And I thank you,
Lord, that I'm not snared by any satanic
or demonic force in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Lord, that we're here
to help you in any way we can to pray
over the atmospheres, to do the things
that we need to do in the spirit realm,
and make for many hands make light work
in the name of Jesus. And we praise you,
Father, for it and give you honor and
glory in the name of Jesus. So, Father,
we praise you. We worship you.
I'm just going to have to pray in the
spirit because I don't have anything else
in English. I don't, so I'm going to
pray in the spirit.
Excuse
me.
We thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord.
The healing power that
flows on the inside of us, delivering us
from all that tries to come on us. Thank
you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you,
Lord.
Yeah. Okay. We're going to pray
specifically again around our college
campuses. I'm seeing the football
stadiums again. And the Lord said, "Pray
over the college games, over
this for a divine protection concerning
college football and major
gatherings, major gatherings of a lot of
people at one time."Do you understand?
Like the Dallas Cowboys, like
the
World Series, major events, major
gatherings of mass people. We're praying
over that right now. Okay, it's
highlighted before me as I'm praying.
So, we're praying
for
every...
Now, I don't know where this place is,
but I see some trees around this
tailgate party. I see there's trees and
there's like a sidewalk, and I see these
trees. They look similar to
oak
trees,
but wherever this is,
I see trees on the sidewalk where there
is
like a
parking space,
like where you would tailgate.
I'm seeing this place again and it's
highlighted before me, and I see the
stadium in a distance. I see the stadium
in a distance.
Give me a little bit more, Lord.
I see a skeleton of a longhorn facing
down.
Facing down.
I see a skeleton of a longhorn facing
down.
It's down like a longhorn facing down.
But this is a skeleton with
just bone. This is a skeleton that
is a structure of a cow that
has
completely been boned. It's bone only
with horns facing down. Facing down. Do
you understand? Horns. And it's the
skeleton of this thing upside down
is what I'm seeing. I see this picture
right now.
They put him up.
We pray over every area of this. We pray
over the areas. We pray over the
young people, over
the fans.
I see people with white cowboy hats on.
I see white cowboy hats.
I see people with
white cowboy hats.
I see in particular this one girl. She's
blonde-headed. She has a
white cowboy hat on. She's a
blonde-headed
girl. I don't know why the
Lord highlights her, but she has her hair,
and it's short, and it's in like
pigtails behind her right
here, coming out
right here by
the back. Her hair is pulled back. It
has two stubby pigtails on it with this
white cowboy hat on.
I don't know why I'm seeing this young
woman. I don't know who she is.
No,
it doesn't have anything to do with her.
The
Lord said, "I'm painting a picture of the
surroundings of where you're
praying into."The Lord said, "It has
nothing to do with the young woman,
Brandon,"is
what he just said to me very
sternly.
He said, "It has nothing to do with
the young woman. It has everything to do
with what she's a part of, this
event. It's about the event. We're
praying into this event,
praying over the tailgate parties,
praying for the mass gathering of
people."There's
a man dressed in solid
black.
There's a man dressed in solid black.
He has a
black trench coat on.
He is very dark.
It's what people call
emo.
There's a group of
people and I see internet chatter. I
see internet...
Okay,
this vision's starting to unfold.
I see internet chatter.
Okay,
I want you to hear me very... I'm
not
stereotyping any group out. I want you
to hear this. But I see... Okay,
this is much bigger than the
young man that just went home.
Remember I told you I saw a certain
person with a lot of money having a
meeting with the devil?
Okay, they were
having
this meeting, and they were saying, "How do we
cause instability to take away the
Second Amendment and do these
things?"Now,
this certain group of people that I'm
seeing right now, okay,
it happened in Minnesota.
Same kind of...
How do you say this without
stereotyping people? But I'm just
telling you they've given themselves
over to the demonic.
What happened to this man with Charlie?
Who
is he connected to
through text messaging and things like
that, right?
It's a group of people, but they've
given themselves over to the demonic.
So the devil has more influence on
their thinking
because of the fact that they've yielded
themselves
over to him more than anybody
else
through a lot of darkness. This
emo
Minnesota
thing,
think about it. This is the same thing
what I'm seeing at this college campus.
I see this person who has a black outfit
on, and behind there's internet chatter,
feeling like an
outcast.
They must
have social reckoning.
Their day is coming
because of what this college in
particular stands for with this state.
Feeling bullied,
feeling justified by their actions for
feeling bullied
because of what you would consider,
I don't know. I can't
keep going this road. I'm on a
livestream,
y'all,
and
it's a liberal
platform.
You've got enough of it. The Lord said
they've
got enough. Okay, so in this, I see
this group of people
trying to transition
and they are angry.
They are angry at this college campus.
Okay, so we pray for a
defusing
of this demonic spirit because bottom
line is, folks, we're wrestling not
against flesh and blood. We're wrestling
against principalities, powers, and
spiritual wickedness in high places.
We're wrestling against the
demonic that is influencing
them.
Principalities work through
personalities,
okay? So if you're dealing with
an
individual,
you're not dealing with them—you're dealing
with the principality influencing their
personality because they've yielded to
it. So whenever you're seeing the
demonic
and you see a meeting like what I
saw, that meeting is: how do we infiltrate
the weakness of a man's
mind to make him do heinous acts in the
spirit realm through a principality
working through a personality?
Because you think, why does it have to be
just this group of people? What's
going on with this group of people?
Well, they've yielded themselves over to
the demonic more. So the principality
is working through the personality
through anger, rejection,
and
just a demonic
spirit.
So they look through things that are
already there through sexual perversion,
because the enemy preys upon
sexual perversion
because it's an abomination to the Lord.
So that's me trying to explain it as
best as I can, just what I saw in a
vision right then. I probably shouldn't
have done it, I should keep praying into
it, but I'm trying to help you.
Yeah,
Mario.
No, no, no.
He said they say
it's the same reason why a church would
be a target.
I see a major church as a target.
Another... You understand what I'm trying
to tell you? It's about what they stand
for. It's a mega
church.
I thank you, Father, that Homeland
Security would find this internet
chatter.
I thank you, Father, that this internet
chatter would be uncovered in the name
of Jesus. All hidden things be revealed
to Homeland Security, the FBI, and the
fine line between freedom of speech and
a
terroristic threat.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that
they would
already know it's coming. Our Homeland
Security, our FBI, our people would
know, our law enforcement would know
ahead of time because I see it being
talked about on like a chat
again. They're talking, and
they try to find camaraderie with
friends, so they boost themselves up. This
is like a spirit trying to get the
guts to do it
through coming on there to talk about
it, to try to influence them, to give
them courage. You understand?
They talk on there,
"Oh, yeah."But what happens is demons
are talking to demons
and it's like when you stir up a
hornet's
nest and they're
bouncing off each other.
That's what I see.
And it's in black. I see black
drawings.
They're on
a white background, and I see black
on this white background.
A
white big board with black
drawings, and it's like demonic symbol
stuff.
I feel like this is on this person's
computer.
Holy Spirit, I thank you that you flood
that person right now, that you flood
them with the overwhelming
love of God right now, that they would
repent and they would have an encounter
with you even right now in the name of
Jesus. And there would be
hearts changed. There's nothing too big,
there's nothing too dark for you to
overcome
the reaction to what they're getting
through the demonic. Father,
I thank you, Lord, for angels'aid and
assistance.
Oh Lord,
I see an apartment room. I see like a
bedroom. I see
firearms and
clips and things all
lined on the wall.
They're on the wall.
We call every plot, every plan, every
scheme of the evil one to be uncovered in
the name of Jesus. You will not do this.
You will not cause mass casualties. You
will not do this. In the name of Jesus,
we call every stronghold, we call every
demonic plan, every demonic plot
uncovered in the name of Jesus in these
chats, in these places of influence with
them through music, through this demonic
stream. We call you down in the name of
Jesus,
that the church would rise up and pray.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that
they would have great boldness.
Oh goodness.
This individual has longer hair,
brown.
This individual has brown hair,
probably
around
to
195, somewhere around in there.
Do not say anything else.
I need to—I'm going to take notes of
that here, son,
but I can't now because I'm on
a
livestream.
Holy Spirit, I ask you to help me to
remember everything I'm seeing.
We pray a hedge of protection around
every tailgate party, around
every student body around the college
campuses over there when they're
having a good time,
they're listening to music, they're
distracted. I pray a hedge
around and about, and
heightened security. Heightened security
about the law enforcement that are
there. I see law
enforcement on bikes.
I see a law enforcement officer on a
bike, a
mountain bike.
I see him. He has a gruff-looking shadow
on his face. He hasn't shaved in a
little while;
his face has a little
shadow.
He has a helmet on. I see this man.
We pray over his life that he's
protected.
I pray over him to be heightened in his
alertness.
Father, I thank you, Lord, right now
that there's a hedge around and about
this man, that no weapon formed against
him would prosper. I thank you that a
thousand shall fall at his side and ten
thousand
at his right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh him,
for
him
and his backup.
I see a female officer
and she's on a bike also.
I see her helping,
and this is
foreign.
I hear the name Carrie. I hear the
name Carrie, and I don't know why I'm
hearing this name Carrie.
They come
over.
Even in the cars, I
see things that are on the cars,
underneath them. Underneath them,
I see they don't know what they're
doing.
They
tried to make some kind of device on
this car, but these people are
not educated. They tried to make
something homemade.
This is black
powder. This is like
something that has a fuse on it, but
it's not something
like somebody who really knows what
they're doing.
It's in a
tube
and it's tried to be on this as a
distraction.
Yeah, these people are not educated,
they're just angry.
It's demonic spirits angry,
influencing
these personalities. And
these
are
people that are weak-minded in this
area because of the principality working
through the personality.
Oh Lord,
over every single one of these students,
I thank you, Lord, that it never happens
over every single one of them. I see
them.
Oh Lord,
I thank you for your mercy
concerning these faces I see.
Oh God,
concerning these sons and daughters,
Father, that you have mercy on these
people.
Thank you, Lord,
that the light would be
brighter than this darkness
that I see on these people and that,
Father, you are uncovering it in
these chats. It's some kind after this
incident.
Listen, if you're law enforcement and
you're listening to me,
after the incident with Kurt, with
this
man,
Charlie,
they went into a deeper way of trying to
cover up their stuff because their
stuff's being uncovered.
So, it's a way of
hiding it
through
trying to escape this area and
go to a different area because what they
are using is being uncovered.
The light is in the room and
they're being exposed because of what
was already there. And thank God for
Donald Trump. Thank God for our
president
because I see his face right now and
he's the one that caused this to happen.
He's the one that's uncovering all this
darkness.
He's giving wisdom to the FBI and
he's telling them
to do this, and they're
uncovering this darkness in these chat
rooms. They're doing this, but they're
trying to go in a back door and hide
through something over here
so they can still have their
thing. I don't know if
this is through a Nord, like a NordVPN,
but they're trying to go through
a back door
and still have their party.
They have to have what I'm hearing in
the spirit realm. They have to have
these people influencing them to rile those
devils up inside of them, trying to give
them courage because they're
already
insecure about who they are, insecure
on what gender they are, insecure on
everything, right? So, they're trying to
get a form of backbone through
influence. You know what's
really interesting as I'm hearing it? I
hear demonic music playing in the
background,
and it sounds like those
people yelling, like screaming,
doing rock and roll screaming.
It sounds like those people talking in
demonic voices, yelling in the
background of that screaming grunge evil
rock and roll music. I hear this,
and I see a demonic strobe light,
listening to this music with a
strobe light flickering with black all
around them, and it's screaming
music.
And they do it to charge themselves up. And
it's the demonic spirit through
witchcraft music that is influencing
their spirits to make them have energy,
like it gives them courage.
You've got to be very cautious what you
listen to.
It's not okay to listen to certain
things
and you feed your spirit full of this
trash and you think, "Well, it's just
music."No.
Satan was over the music
and he influences through music
because that's what his specialty was
and he's good at it. So people start
feeding on that and demonic spirits
grow on the inside of them, getting
stronger because your mind is
becoming
a reprobate mind
from
the trash you're listening to.
Not even all Christian music is good.
I'll be real with you. You need to have
discernment on what you're feeding your
spirit.
It's very important what I'm telling you
all right now, what I'm seeing.
Okay. So, back to what the Lord said.
Back to these secret chats. We call an
uncovering
over
these chats,
over our FBI, over
our law enforcement, our sheriff's
departments,
all of them. Father, I thank
you, Lord, that it's uncovering this
darkness in every area,
every level,
that there's no place to hide
now. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
even the corrupt judges would find a new
job.
We thank you, Lord, that even corrupt
judges, very liberal, evil judges,
Father, would just find a new job like
Jimmy Kimmel gets to do.
He gets to find a new job today.
He's out looking for a new job. Ha.
Ain't that wonderful? He gets to find a
new job today.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that
just like Jimmy Kimmel, Father,
gets to go find a new job, even these
liberal judges get to go find a
new job soon. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that you're uncovering the darkness of
things that were said in chats and
things that were publicly being
said, Father, that would be exposing
the
darkness in these liberal judges.
They just stood up before
me. So, we thank you, Lord, for
uncovering darkness. You're uncovering
darkness. You bring in light. You bring
in light, Father. We thank you, Lord,
for light. Light be in these areas in
the name of Jesus. Even in Tulsa.
I thank you, Lord, that
harassing spirits are bound in
Jesus'name.
I call harassing spirits to be bound in
Cease and desist your maneuvering
against us. Cease and desist in
Jesus'name
against the body of Christ. You
harassing spirit, you bow your knee now
in
Jesus'name.
Father, I thank you, Lord, over every area, in
Jesus'name,
all
around. Father, we thank you, Lord, that
we rise up and we take our dominion
authority and we pray over our churches.
We
thank you, Lord, that they are a
house of prayer. They're a house of
great victory. They're a house of fire.
They are there
to be a place to be spiritual
arsonists,
to light people's fire, and to
get them to spread it throughout the
world.
Churches are not there to babysit,
but they're there to
raise up the babies. You know what I'm
saying? You don't stay a baby. You
get on fire for Jesus and you go tell
everybody else about it.
The pastors are there to
help fan the flame. We thank
you, Lord,
in
Jesus'name.
Okay. Now, the Lord said, "Now you
prayed over that. Now you're going to
England."Gabriel.
Concerning Israel and the decision in
the days ahead.
England,
the United Kingdom, praying over their
decision
in the days ahead. I see Israel.
I see the week of
the 23rd again,
and I see England,
and I see the Prime Minister of England.
Trump influencing the decision because
of this week.
Trump influencing the royals in the
decision because of this week.
There's great influence there. This man
is easily swayed either way.
A born leader
versus like a wheat. You know how
wheat blows one way whenever it's
blowing from the north, and wheat blows
another
way when it's coming from the south,
but it moves every direction.
This man moves every direction, and he
needs a strong front.
I see a strong
front coming by this, and I see Trump,
strategic allies, strategic
things happening right now in England.
What happened this week? Do you
understand this is what the parade
and
all that stuff was going on? The
Lord showed me into this strategic
meeting, strategic things being said
behind closed doors,
looking for people to build camaraderie
with.
Thank you, Father. We thank you, Lord,
for good decisions concerning England,
the United
Kingdom, Father, that they will have
revival all throughout the United
Kingdom and a great harvest of souls
will take place like we've never seen
before.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that there
will
be a great move
of the Spirit of God all throughout
England in the name of Jesus.
We pray into the week of the
23rd.
Thank you, Lord.
Between the goats
and the sheep,
we want to be a sheep nation. We don't
want to be a goat.
We want to be a
sheep.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
that
England will flip to a sheep nation.
They will change.
Thank you, Lord.
Glory to God. There's a
lot of people just fed up there.
The Lord showed me those streets
again full of people protesting.
There's a lot of people just fed up.
They want change in England.
There's a lot of good people there.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father.
Just good
families.
Thank you, Lord, that
they'll want to be a sheep nation, that
they'll want to turn it around.
There'll be a turning around. What does
it matter? You think?
It matters. It
matters who stands on the Lord's
side. It matters,
our strategic things here.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, for this next
week. We pray, even closing up this week,
Father, going into next week. We thank
you, Father, for
voices of reason, Father, that
there would be people with some
common sense rise up. Common sense.
Thank you, Lord, for President Trump. We
pray over him, Father, that he has
protection. We pray a hedge of
protection around and about him. We pray
over his family, over Don Jr., over
Eric, over the girls. Father, we pray
over Barron. We pray over Melania. We
pray over the vice president. We pray
over his children, over his wife, over
our Supreme Court justices,
over our law enforcement. We
thank you, Lord, that there's protection
all around over our Senate and our House
and over our people. Father, we pray
a hedge of protection, especially for
what I see concerning Trump and his
children. We pray a hedge of protection
around and about them that no weapon
formed against them would prosper. We
thank you, Lord, Father, for our
nation, over Chicago, over
Boston, over Philadelphia, over New
York, and over Washington, D.C. We pray as
your protection over
those areas right now in
Jesus'name.
And we thank you, Lord, that no weapon
formed against them would prosper. We
pray a hedge of protection all around
and about them in the name of Jesus over
every person that's represented here
that lives in those areas,
not just any other area, but
specifically those cities.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that your angels are
watching over it and that they uncover
every terrorist plot, every
plan of the wicked in the
name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, for our great nation.
We thank you, Lord, that there's
protection over it
in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord. And everyone say amen.
I feel we covered a lot tonight.
I'm thankful for every single one of you
that came out and helped pray.
It's a blessing.
We use Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 as
scriptures that we stand by when you're
praying. 'The Lord shall cause your
enemies
who rise up against you to be defeated
before your face. They shall come
out against you one way and flee before
you seven
ways.'I
believe it. Deuteronomy 28:7, 'The
Lord shall cause your enemies
who rise up against you to be defeated
before your face. They shall come out
from you one way and flee before you
seven
ways.'I
believe for Deuteronomy 28:7 that is
protecting our nation
in the name of Jesus. Deuteronomy 28:7
is protecting our president.
'The Lord shall cause your enemies
who rise up against you to be defeated
before
you.'I
believe that for President Trump. I
believe that for our college campuses. I
believe that for our sporting
events.
'The Lord shall cause thy enemies who
rise up against you
to be defeated before your
face.'They're
going to be defeated before our
face. They go on there trying to
mess with our college kids. They're
going to try to go over there, try to
mess with our high school kids or
whatever,
any event in any area, political or
not.
We thank you, Lord, that the Lord
shall cause your enemies who rise up
against you to be defeated before your
face, they shall come out against you
one way and flee before you seven ways.
I believe, I receive in the name of
Jesus. Deuteronomy 28:7.
For it is written.
It is written,
devil.
'The Lord shall cause your
enemies'—do
you believe that?
It is written, devil,
'The Lord shall cause your enemies who
rise up against
you'—they
try to rise up against us—'to be
defeated before your face.
They shall come out against me one way
and flee before me
seven.'I
believe, I receive in the name of
Jesus Deuteronomy 28:7 for our nation,
for our college campuses, for our
president, for his children and his
grandchildren,
over our judges, over our nation, in
every area of our life—our finances,
our marriage, our children.
The Lord shall cause
your enemies who rise up against
us,
Father,
who rise up against our kids,
they will be defeated before us, Father.
They shall come out against us one way
and they will flee before us seven ways.
I believe, Father, for these are our
promises
and that you protect our families. You
protect us, Father, in the name of Jesus.
And then, Father, we thank you, Lord.
You
said: 'You
shall command the blessing upon you in
your storehouse and in all that you
undertake, and he will bless you in the
land which the Lord your God gives you.
And the Lord
shall make you have a surplus of
prosperity
through the fruit of your body
and of your livestock and of your ground
and the land which the Lord swore to
your fathers to give you.'And have a
surplus—the
Lord said he would give us a surplus
of blessing.
It says it right here in the Bible
and I believe it.
'The Lord shall make you have a
surplus.'Deuteronomy.
'The Lord shall open to
you his good treasures, the
heavens to give the rain into your land
in the season, and to bless all the work
of your hands. And you shall lend unto
many nations, and you shall not
borrow.'That's
a surplus. 'And the Lord shall
make you the head, not the
tail.'See,
that's why I always say that, it's one
of my
favorites.
So, that's what we stand on:
Deuteronomy 28:7 today for our nation.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for all these
people with so much going on inside of
them, that they have peace and that, Father,
we have Deuteronomy 28:7
as
our blessing, that you
said you would protect us and they'll
have to go—they'll fall. They'll
be defeated right before our face. And
they may come out at us one way, but
they'll leave from trying to get away,
scattered like cockroaches seven
different ways. They're coming in one
way, but they're leaving seven. They're
going, 'I'm getting out of
here.'Why?
Because he said that they would do
it if you believe it.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, tonight
for this time of prayer. We receive it,
Father, and it is written. And Father,
let it be done for our college campuses,
for our kids, for us. Father,
your hand of protection is on us, and we
call everybody healed and whole and well
in the mighty name of Jesus. Well, here
comes the point in time where I ask
you for something. Could you please help
me
subscribe, subscribe, subscribe? If
you're here for the first time and
you're just checking out the
station, subscribe to it. Stick around,
help us pray. We really appreciate it.
We're believing for a million men and
women army, all to the glory of God, to
reach the lost for Jesus. And every
single one of you help us with the
algorithm because, I'm telling you, we're
not the most popular, I'm sure, on
YouTube to what they want to put out
there for their content for their
people. Braden said
the click-through rate of the
impressions of how they promote your
channel is way down over here. But every
time you all say something in the
comment section, click the like, all
that boosts it, so it's being seen. So
we just want to say thank you for
telling your family, for telling your
friends about us because
word of mouth helps. The best
form of advertisement is positive
word of mouth. Hey, they're praying. And so
we're excited about South Korea. We're
excited about our China channel and
our Japan and all the things that God is
doing here in these last days. And
so, every one of you, we just want
to tell you we love you. Thank you for
your support. Thank you for always
loving all my family the way you do and
saying something nice down below for us
and doing all that you do.
That's what I have for you tonight. I'm
going to go and get something to drink
and take a break. But I just want to
tell y'all, God bless you all and we'll
see you again. Remember, put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you
again soon. Bye-bye.